a greeting to all friends of
androidworld.it spender sony immediately after
the presentation of the entire family of
z3 products this is reflect three tablets
compact or the 8-inch tablet
with 1920 x 1200 pixel resolution of
z3 family then a tablet more
compact compared to previous ones
in the z tablet family if we so wish
call it top of the range let's say so
we mean performance thanks to a
excellent camera hardware from 8.1
megapixel with exmor rs technology
present the same as doing the
mode obviously on which hour car
2 megapixel front camera and two
once again the LED is missing
flash the processor is a snapdragon 801
quadcore from 2.5 ghz 3 gb of memory ram
from 16 gigabytes expandable via micro
sd the connectivity is not present
in fact, don't excuse me, I'll be right back
what I said is present
3g connectivity as is also present
possibility to call in fact has
present both the auricular capsule and
the microphone
android is already updated to the last one
kat kit release
here we go into settings and see it
here it is 4.4.4 among other things
here I'm
a system update does not have
not even released and already heavily the
system
the interface is almost completely identical
to that seen on the last xperia
just change the middle button the icons
here the drawer is quite large
which runs from the left the il appears
usual menu for management
let's try a test that I don't have
done
we have to go on the internet let's see
ok
we are in germany therefore reasonably
upload first androidworld of the Dutch
our ok okay it's just a test
however our site does not have a version
desktop although perhaps in no mode
not even in in charge landscape
you have seen that the keys are silent
inside the screen then not
space is stolen from the outer frame
it is resistant to water and dust
exactly like the two smartphones then
a very interesting product that
combines a design that is a mixture of
the one seen on the previous xperia z
tablet and the new family z3 not
completely embraces the new design
3 but precisely it is a middle way
aesthetically it resembles the previous ones
models but the angles you see are
decidedly more rounded than those of the
previous generation with a tablet
very very interesting that we don't see
time to try and then more
in-depth in our editorial staff